what is up guys trizol tray with Tris
tech and electronics in this video nida
unbox the google play edition Moto G
just a few weeks ago Motorola released
the original version of this device for
a very affordable $179 and it got all
kinds of superhuman press well now this
one is even a little bit more special
and the reason why is because it's
running a stock vanilla version of
Android for not for KitKat right out of
the packaging since it is a google play
edition device and you're not losing any
of that $179 off contract that is
exactly how much this little beast costs
now I know what you're thinking for that
super affordable price did they skimp
out on specification well a little bit
but it's still rocking a 1.2 gigahertz
quad-core Snapdragon 400 chipset with a
4.5 inch 720p HD display run effective
pixel density in 329 PPI which puts it
right on par with the apple iphone 5s as
far as screen resolution is concerned
and with that said let's go ahead and
cut this thing up with the handy dandy
unboxing life you flip this thing back
and go ahead and expose the google play
edition Moto G now just looking at it
right out of the packaging very briefly
from my first impressions it does look
very similar to its bigger brother via
moto x let's move it off to the side and
get through the rest of lee very
minimalistic riffraff here in the
packaging the first part of that
riffraff is your micro USB to USB
charging and sync cable very
minimalistic not much to it and the only
other thing in the packaging is the
documentation this thing doesn't even
come with a charging break it just comes
with this documentation here it's got
your warranty information a thing
showing you how to pop the back plate
off of this device since that's where
the sim card lays as well as it gets
started guide in both english and in
spanish and with that stuff let's go
ahead and bring on the star of the show
the Moto G google play edition this
thing looks exactly like the original
moto g for motorola the only difference
is it's running it's all under the hood
it's running for da for KitKat looks
very similar to the Moto X very
minimalistic device
now this is probably one of the most
satisfying sounds in tech right here oh
it's kind of underwhelming well what do
you say pull on that back usually a
little bit more overwhelming anyway here
is via google play edition moto G we're
gonna go ahead and take a little bit of
a hardware tour here starting off with
the right hand side of the device which
has your sleep wake in power button as
well as your volume rocker very good
they do feel a little bit of play have a
little bit of playing on but they still
do look pretty decent there's absolutely
nothing on the left hand side of this
device on the top you of your 3.5
millimeter headphone jack as well as
your secondary microphone on the bottom
you have your primary microphone as well
as your micro USB charging port we've
move it over to the front of the device
you have your 1.3 megapixel front facing
camera as well as your earpiece speaker
if we flip it around to the back you of
your 5 megapixel 73 720p shooting rear
facing camera your LED flash your motor
role of branding with that little dimple
in it as well as do a rear-facing
speaker now what I'm going to do is go
ahead and boot this thing up i have it
running at two and a half times the
normal speed so once it does boot off
i'm gonna pull it off camera to go ahead
and boot it up with all my apps and
everything's we can take a little bit of
a closer look at the UI very very
quickly now here it is ladies and
gentlemen this is what the Moto G google
play edition looks like when it's all
booted up it is very very smooth it's
actually a lot more smooth than I was
actually really intending it to be I
didn't think that it would be as snappy
and as quick as it is that Android
product for kitty cat really can run
unbelievably smooth on a lower-tier
device it does run very well as you see
here I'm launching the camera app which
is probably one of the most demanding
apps in the Nexus 5 which is also
rocking stock android of course for da
for KitKat as you see here the
front-facing 1.3 megapixel camera looks
good the rear-facing 5 megapixel 720p
shooting camera looks good this is my
living room kitchen area my youngest son
Logan is asleep on the couch there but
as you can see here it's not moving
around not lagging it all very very
impressed with that the other thing is
the multitasking venue it kills apps
super quick there's no lagging nothing
so that was my quick look at the
you I will be taking a much closer look
at the device over the next few days I
wanted putting this thing through a
little bit more places than I normally
do I'm actually going to hold out a
little bit longer and giving you guys my
review so I want to see how this thing
holds up over time see if it slows down
at all I am very interested in this
thing since it is so cheap and it is
decently spec so I do really hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did
definitely give it a thumbs up draw me a
comma in the comment section below
letting me know what you want to see
with this device hope you guys are
subscribed and I'll be seeing you guys
real soon
you